Update aspire hosting samples (#8265)
Particular/docs.particular.net: samples/aspire/platform-sqs/sample.md

- Parameters to configure the sample
  - `accessKey` - configurable after startup
  - `accessSecret` - configurable after startup
- Two projects, each of which is an NServiceBus endpoint. All of these projects reference the `platform` resource.
  - `clientui`
  - `sales`
- ServiceControl error, audit and monitoring instances
- ServicePulse

#### Platform configuration

- `region`
- `queueNamePrefix` - change this to avoid queue conflicts in your region
- `accessKey` - configurable after startup
- `accessSecret` - configurable after startup

`AddParticularPlatform` registers the Particular Platform as a resource named `particular`. The `WithTransportAmazonSqs` extension points the platform at the SQS configuration defined earlier, so that the ServiceControl instances connect to the same AWS region as the endpoints.

`AddDefaultComponents` registers the remaining platform components using their default configuration — the ServiceControl audit and monitoring instances and ServicePulse. The error instance is added explicitly above so that usage reporting can be configured on it.

snippet: platform-config

#### Endpoints

> Each NServiceBus endpoint is added as an Aspire project and linked to the platform with `WithParticularPlatform`. This wires the endpoint to the platform's transport connection string. The `ClientUI` endpoint additionally uses `WaitFor(sales)` so that the `Sales` endpoint exists before it starts sending messages to it.

Reviewer: There is no transport connection string. Perhaps mention the env variables that we set that allow the endpoints to use the same id, secret and region as the platform.

In addition the queue prefix is passed to the endpoints using `QUEUE_NAME_PREFIX`

snippet: endpoints

### AspireDemo.ServiceDefaults

The [Aspire service defaults](https://aspire.dev/get-started/csharp-service-defaults/) project provides extension methods to configure application hosts and NServiceBus endpoints in a standardized way. This project is referenced by all of the NServiceBus endpoint projects.

The OpenTelemetry configuration has been updated to include NServiceBus metrics and traces.

snippet: add-nsb-otel

> Each endpoint project retrieves the connection string for the Azure ServiceBus broker and configures NServiceBus to use it as a transport:

Reviewer: No connection  string and not ASB :-)

[Aspire](https://aspire.dev/) is a stack for developing distributed applications provided by Microsoft.

This sample shows an Aspire AppHost project that orchestrates multiple NServiceBus endpoints,  wiring up the required infrastructure pieces when using the [Amazon SQS](/transports/sqs/) transport.

## Running the sample

1. Run the AspireDemo.AppHost project
2. Open the Aspire dashboard
3. Review the metrics, traces, and structured log entries of each of the resources

> [!NOTE]
> This sample requires [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) to run. Ensure the predefined container ports are free and available.

## Code walkthrough

### AspireDemo.AppHost

The [Aspire orchestration project](https://aspire.dev/get-started/app-host/?lang=csharp) defines multiple resources and the relationships between them:

- Parameters to configure the sample
  - `accessKey` - configurable after startup
  - `accessSecret` - configurable after startup
- Two projects, each of which is an NServiceBus endpoint. All of these projects reference the `platform` resource.
  - `clientui`
  - `sales`
- ServiceControl error, audit and monitoring instances
- ServicePulse

#### Platform configuration

- `region`

> - `queueNamePrefix` - change this to avoid queue conflicts in your region

Reviewer: Should this be more clear that it's not required? maybe: 
```suggestion
- `queueNamePrefix` - optional - use this to avoid queue conflicts in your region
```

And then in the code actually fill it in with the sample name to demonstrate it?
